Update explanation of contract enforcement (#4540)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/govern/model-contracts.md

Select the adapter-specific tab for more information on [constraint](/reference/resource-properties/constraints) support across platforms. Constraints fall into three categories based on support and platform enforcement:

- **Supported and enforced** &mdash; The model won't build if it violates the constraint.

> - **Supported and not enforced** &mdash; The platform supports specifying the type of constraint, but a model can still build even if building the model violates the constraint. This constraint exists for metadata purposes only. Enforcement is more common for transactional databases, unlike cloud data warehouses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Supported and not enforced** &mdash; The platform supports specifying the type of constraint, but a model can still build even if building the model violates the constraint. This constraint exists for metadata purposes only. This approach is more typical in cloud data warehouses than in transactional databases, where strict rule enforcement is more common.
```
